[DependencyInjection] Add support for excluding services with declared custom attribute (#50447)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/DependencyInjection/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.1
---

> * Add support for excluding services with declared custom attribute (`ContainerBuilder::registerAttributeForExclusion`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add support for excluding services by attribute with `ContainerBuilder::registerAttributeForExclusion()`
```
